Z1 camera support (#694)
Carvera-Community/Carvera_Controller: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed: Reject downloads whose content does not match the machine-provided MD5. Skip MD5 check when none is available, and defer .lz checks until after decompress
- Fixed: Ensure complete XMODEM packets are written over Wi-Fi
- Fixed: Confirm popup content now scrolls and sizes to its text
- Fixed: Dragging a slider that floats over the gcode viewer also orbited or panned the view behind it

> - Fixed: Every download failed its MD5 check on firmware that answers md5sum with a fixed placeholder instead of a digest, as stock Z1 firmware does

Reviewer: Clearer text

```suggestion
- Fixed: On the Makera Z1 firmware every download returns same placeholder MD5 hash instead of a digest failing the MD5 check
```
